Update ACI documentation (#11649)
docker/docker.github.io: engine/context/aci-integration.md

docker stop <CONTAINER_ID>
docker rm <CONTAINER_ID>
```

Containers can be removed using `docker rm`. Removing a running container will require using the `--force` flag, or stopping the container with `docker stop` before removing.

> **Note**
>

> The semantics of restarting a container on ACI are different to those when using a moby type context for local development. On ACI, the container will be reset to its initial state and started on a new node. This includes the container's filesystem so all state that is not stored in a volume will be lost on restart.

Reviewer: nit: Not sure all users will know what moby is

```suggestion
The semantics of restarting a container on ACI are different to those when using a local Docker context for local development. On ACI, the container will be reset to its initial state and started on a new node. This includes the container's filesystem so all state that is not stored in a volume will be lost on restart.

```
